what do people wave about everything like
welcome to this first one is almost with
clavero book with chlorine how the fuck what
means good if you notice that if the
micro are many super different is
because I had to use better
said the microphone of the series styles
of the headphones because it breaks my
standing microphone so I'll be coming soon
to buy a condenser microphone
first clarified a couple of little things that
because he plays a map of 1.6 of a and
in this case that is bkz gold that brings me
some memories and one you are not
incredible does not mean that I'm going to play
in my ex psa bledo what the fuck is
1.6 because they always ask me then
well let's see with the map happened to me
we talked, we talked a little bit about
little things
First
as you know on Friday Mick
last week I said explicitly that
I was going to upload a video of cc.oo booth
what happened I searched on voice maps and
cc.oo and they are very bad did not show any
the sample for nothing
so good that then said good
because it was not 1.6 and play booth
only the maps he played when I
played and have a bit of that nostalgia
to step up a bit of 61.6 that
As you know, I do not upload any more guides and everything
that's because he died at a competitive level
but to have a lot of good fun
go up a little bit and 1.6 of what would be
this the little map of a house and then
What I wanted is for you to improve in
description the maps you like the most
of booth or a and that are not very
difficult because you already know that I
I'm a little house that only lj does not come out
in fart so good that wants to bring
a little that that 1.6 nothing serious already
I said is for fun and a little while
when shed
not to do more guides and all that
because if it is not clear in case
doubts and good nothing that's what you
I wanted to warn before the whole map that
we are when I told him that here
it's world pop it's amazing how much
what was this map when I was just
just he is beginning to play plays with
some friends and I fall rise sincerely
I love 40
so well this is the first map of
next week it's going to be the one
you recommend me that I do not know if the
What are the most likes, so check if
for example for comments and see
Good thing I put the map that you gave
like to give a little hand up the
comment of that boy then I go
seeing that you would like the
next Wednesday no stadiums in a
come up on Wednesday I hope we can
uploading them up followed to have more
content
in the channel because nowadays we are
with guidance on Mondays and Fridays
mick on Friday so good
we will be what I am
counting I want to buy a microphone
capacitor that is capacitor is a
microphone that is used to record in
home studios to record
instruments or voices or make podcasts
so you know what podcast and podcast is
is simply doing an online radio or
something like that just to see the
microphone and I could use the
true
the truth would see me very well because of
pass the generic microphone with which
I was recording taping guide
Monday and then it had to be golden
in the car and I fell like a bitch
so decent
and good and all this is a mess that good
is if you save you save time and you
increases quality by buying microphone on
condenser that
They were recommending me for the page
and I asked some some me
recommended in sant submit the samsung
very small meteor my judgment microphone
well, it seems pretty pretty good
I saw a couple of sound tests after me
I found out that you were punched and also tns
what more then recommended me the blues
set and it can be or something like that
microphone they make it in europe I think so
what
I doubt that it is in mercadolibre and if this
free market to come out an egg
the truth I know if I go for that and I was
seeing other microphones that I
They also recommended that they are quite
good ones that are not so expensive and neither
they are the great thing but they are condenser
so I'll obviously have a lot
better sound quality which is what
I want to do, I 'll go investing
little bit in the channel for me still away
is my mom my most hated enemy
is the whore who gave birth
well the microphone is the first one after
I finish the pc they always ask me
you have a pc in which I throw you how much
I knew if here in that second I have a
good pc sincerely the only thing
rescatable on my pc is the video plate
the rest has gone down and the source the rest
it's pretty old
today 4 minutes
already
the video plate good in the most affable of
that old source except for the
source that I want to change everything
little bit of love
and everything that would be presence if
I want to see that despite now
go to the description go to the link of
tweets that is from where to the stream
they go down and this says my pc and it appears
all the hardware that I use I do not think
nothing else quite cortito video
but that's what I want to bring a
short content that they can see and that
do not leave time so nothing else
leave a like if you want more booth with
claver and a comment and it's the same if
they want the beginning of the
video and well and well up can be
subscribe to my channel nothing more to say
I know clearly and see you until next time
bye